Three views:
- beginning animation, typing out "Dating in the Juul Room," which then
  floats away
- rapididentity page with character selection
- actual game view; ideally this'd be a plain text log in front of a blurred
  bathroom background

How the player will see it:

"Dating in the Juul Room" gets typed out in the middle of the screen, black text
on white

The title fades to a RapidIdentity-like page with "Palo Alto USD Portal" on a
red bar at the top asking the user to identify themselves (either Charles
Wichenson or Betsy Lang) and choose a significant other (either Justin Bieber or
Selena Gomez).

The user then presses "Login"

The RapidIdentity page fades to a blurred image of a bathroom background.

The following text gets typed on the screen; as this is not dialogue, it can be
skipped by pressing enter:

  You were inspired by posts on Gunn Confessions to finally ask out the [boy/girl]
  you liked since eighth grade. Surprisingly, she accepted.

  You decided to meet in the gender-neutral Juul room at school. For some reason,
  the school had installed toilets and sinks in the Juul room, but they made great
  chairs and tables. You aren't alone; half of Madame Lizundia's class is there partying,
  but they ignore you (1240).

  You face [SO name] with packets of hot chocolate from the SEC between you two (182).

The user is then presented with options:

- REVEAL A SECRET
  A secret is randomly chosen, and there's a chance either your SO is impressed,
  or they report you to the Administration.
  - did graffiti (1400)
- SMALL TALK
  - "The teacher's bathroom in the math office is so clean and pristine." (2201)
  - comment on those slow people who take up the entire hallway (670)
- UNPOPULAR OPINION
  If the opinion is actually unpopular, she won't like you as much.

  POPULAR:
  779. The Atlantic article about Gunn was actually incredibly insightful and
  many of the problems it describes are still present today.
  854. Airpods are overrated.
  948. The substitute teacher we have to say hello to is the best.
  1298. Fairy Tale is one of the best anime.
  1312. Props to TBN for going live every morning.
  1352. Beyblades are fidget spinners but cooler.
  1353. Harry Potter isn't that great.
  1365. You can do whatever you want with milk.
  1598. Goldfish are the best snack.
  1701. The competition at Gunn is actually beneficial to the community as it
  drives people to be more ambitious and determined to reach their academic goals.
  1817. The thing on Instagram that showcases fashion at Gunn has become worse.
  2005. It's better to date a close friend than a random person you just met.
  2019. The boy who sexually harassed the girl in GRT should be kicked off.
  2237. The CS requirement will make everyone hate the class like how everyone
  hates living skills.
  2263. Friends is a boring show.
  2350. The Wall of Rejection perpetuates Gunn's culture of academic stress.
  2469. The ice cream truck melody is annoying.
  2576. Grades and academics matter.

  UNPOPULAR:
  255. Our Spanish teacher is a genuinely nice teacher.
  709. We should stop hating on T-Series.
  841. In-N-Out is pretty bad; their smell makes me nauseous.
  1277. The Wall of Rejection is harmful to underclassmen and perpetuates
  the need to get into a good college.
  1349. #metoo is just a movement towards victimization.
  1888. The CS requirement is a good idea because it would be useful.
  1944. Ariana Grande's songs are bad and her voice is annoying.

Timing is key; interrupt your SO and she hates you, but moments of awkward silence
also makes her dislike you. Repeating something you already said will also make
her distrust you.

There are also random events:

- SO SPILLS HOT CHOCOLATE PACKET
  They go to the sink to wash her hands with soap. You have to react very quickly to
  warn her about #1093 or they get mad at you for not warning them.
- SO PACES AROUND
  While your SO walks around talking, suddenly it'll appear in red text that
  they are about to step in a puddle. In this moment you have to warn them, or
  they'll get mad at you. (533)
- FIVE MINUTES PASS
  (there's an in-game timer) You are responsible for reminding your SO to go
  outside every five minutes to avoid getting high. (1272)
- SOMEONE VOMITS (1415) / SHORT INDIAN KID VAPES (2047)
  You can choose to report them; has no immediate effect on gameplay, but the
  ending will state that your reputation is ruined if you report at least once.
- TEA SMELLING CEREMONY (2169)
  You can choose to join, but your SO will protest; however, by joining, the smell
  gets better, and there'll be no need to go out every five minutes.
- COOL TEACHER (2204)
  A teacher walks in and sees you dating. He makes eye contact with you and says to
  be careful doing what you're doing, then walks out.

Image sources:
- http://blog.syracuse.com/entertainment/2009/11/teenage_fans_of_justin_bieber.html
- https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-4876978/Selena-Gomez-reveals-felt-violated-teen-star.html
- http://romtec.com/blog-categories/public-restrooms-and-interior-wall-options
